# College Work
## CS-210 Programming Languages
### This course used primarily C++ language and integrated Python to develop functional programs that comply with industry standards and best practices.
- Project 3 Grocery Tracker submitted here uses C++ and Python to sort through a sales data list and display the list with number of times items were sold, as well as the ability to search for a particular item and display number of sales, and finally display the sales data for all items as a histogram.
- I am proud of how I was able to validate user input and account for lowercase or uppercase inputs. The addition of colors in the display output was also a fun addition.
- The code is built so that the addition of more menu choices is possible, but I think the code could be enhanced to accomodate multiple-worded items such as instead of just "Apples", the code could handle different types of apples (Granny Smith Apples, Golden Delicious Apples, Honey Crisp Apples, etc.) and to do this, the code would need to be able to take in multiple words as a string and add them to the dictionary. This would add to the efficiency by increasing the ability for the grocery store to track types and brands.
- When given skeleton code and instructions for an assignment such as this, I sometimes find it overwhelming to look through the code and understand it. The most challenging part of this code for me was creating the histogram feature, but once I figured out how my Python code was involved, I was able to use the data file to accomplish this task without any issues. I use several methods to help me get organized and overcome challenges, especially when I feel stuck such as the use of a whiteboard (and color-coding different thoughts/ideas), researching simillar topics on sites such as Stack Overflow or even looking at C++/Python tutorials and adapting their strategies to fit my situation/problem, taking breaks (including getting enough sleep, eating, resetting my thought process), and this term I finally developed the courage to ask for help when I wasn't understanding something. I plan on continuing these habits and problem-solving methods and I remain open to learning more ways to tackle problems in the future.
- Learning more about classes and OOP as well as input validation are invaluable skills that will definitely be transferable to future projects and course work. I also know that incorporating multiple languages into a program may be required and having done that for multiple projects in CS 210, I know how important this skill can be and why it may be done in the industry as well.
- This program is designed so that additional menu choices and functions can be added without needing to change any of the current menu choices and functions (maintainable and adaptable). The code is commented to industry standards for readability and any maintenance someone else may need to perform.
